Magical Things add a few different items from swords to summons. Adds a dedicated boot slot, but still allows boots to be equipped. 
Useful for different kinds of boots. Still a work-in-progress. Shoe slot doesn't show on player correctly.
Shoe slot now has a configuration for the equipment pages and to allow shoes to be equipped in the non shoe slot. 

Warning! Unequip your current shoes from shoe slot before updating. Usually fine, but just in case.

Configuration shows up under Mod Configs. Named MagicalThings
  allowShoesInAccessorySlots: true or false
  slotLocation: 1 Shoe slot is on the Main Inventory page. 2 Shoe slot is on the Equipment menu 
  
Updated! v0.1.3

Bug Fixes 7-6-2019
Changed : Flesh bomb and Corrupt bomb no longer replace each others blocks. Change to holy or pure biomes first.
Redid boot slots functionality, still no working draw effect. -.-

Fixed : Reduced all Cleanse type bombs dust effects so they don't cause lag on explode.
Fixed some spelling errors.

Added : More companion tiers up to hard mode!
4 more Pets
Added combined potions as Sodas. (More yet to come)
1 Mount that turns the player into a Centaur.
1 Vanity mask to look like Dr. Fly Man
1 Magic type head piece to look like Tim.
1 Cultist set of magic armor.
Added Dev armor and weapons not available normally. Cheat in only.

Known Bugs: Boot slot doesn't display properly.
Medium Core players death gives a new Animus scroll.
---------------------------------------------------------
Bug Fixes
Hot-fixed a couple of sound effects.

Items Added:
Now has a companion weapon class. Including Mage, Range, Ninja, Summoner, and Melee. Each class can be upgraded to pre hard-mode
Demonite or Crimtane bars at an altar. More tiers yet to come.

3 Swords, 3 Mounts, 2 Summons, 1 Pet, 1 Hook, 1 Armor Set, 1 Cloak, 2 Boots plus 1 cheat boot.
4 Bombs that explode and convert blocks to their matching solution. Its a very large area!
1 MusicBox (Featuring artist modbom)

Equip shoes with Right click, vanity shoes with Shift Right click (although since they don't display not much point in that yet).

Big thanks to Examplemod, and WingSlot for their help.

Warning! Unequip your current shoes from shoe slot before updating.

[Known Bugs]

Shoe slot still does not draw on player. But shoe accessory still works fine. Frozen Hook a (Static Hook) doesn't work or have recipe.

[Credits]
Coders: Big help from the tmodloader community and of course, jopojelly, bluemagic, and Wingslot.
Sprites from: Cyrus Annihilator, Mageker, and Shadow443.
Music from: modbom's ENKRYPTION album.